pe/edu/upc/venta/services/ReservationService.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.services.ReservationService
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/UserAddress.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.UserAddress
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.UserAddress$UserAddressBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/Address.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Address
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Address$AddressBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/client/ProductoHystrixFallbackFactory.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.client.ProductoHystrixFallbackFactory
pe/edu/upc/venta/services/OfferService.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.services.OfferService
pe/edu/upc/venta/controllers/ReservationController.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.controllers.ReservationController
pe/edu/upc/venta/entities/Offer.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.entities.Offer
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/Subscription.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Subscription
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Subscription$SubscriptionBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/Comment.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Comment
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Comment$CommentBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/controllers/RentalActivityController.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.controllers.RentalActivityController
pe/edu/upc/venta/entities/Reservation.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.entities.Reservation
pe/edu/upc/venta/controllers/OfferController.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.controllers.OfferController
pe/edu/upc/venta/client/ProductoClient.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.client.ProductoClient
pe/edu/upc/venta/services/impls/ReservationServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.services.impls.ReservationServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/User.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.User
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.User$UserBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/services/impls/RentalActivityServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.services.impls.RentalActivityServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/Situation.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Situation
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Situation$SituationBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/Brand.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Brand
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Brand$BrandBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/client/UserClient.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.client.UserClient
pe/edu/upc/venta/services/CrudService.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.services.CrudService
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/VehicleType.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.VehicleType
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.VehicleType$VehicleTypeBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/CreditCard.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.CreditCard
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.CreditCard$CreditCardBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/client/UserHystrixFallbackFactory.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.client.UserHystrixFallbackFactory
pe/edu/upc/venta/entities/RentalActivity.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.entities.RentalActivity
pe/edu/upc/venta/repositories/RentalActivityRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.repositories.RentalActivityRepository
pe/edu/upc/venta/services/RentalActivityService.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.services.RentalActivityService
pe/edu/upc/venta/repositories/OfferRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.repositories.OfferRepository
pe/edu/upc/venta/services/impls/OfferServiceImpl.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.services.impls.OfferServiceImpl
pe/edu/upc/venta/model/Vehicle.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Vehicle
 pe.edu.upc.venta.model.Vehicle$VehicleBuilder
pe/edu/upc/venta/VentaServiceApplication.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.VentaServiceApplication
pe/edu/upc/venta/repositories/ReservationRepository.java
 pe.edu.upc.venta.repositories.ReservationRepository
